ServiceNow v2 - add note about the integration not working with the sir module (#12900)
demisto/content: Packs/ServiceNow/Integrations/ServiceNowv2/README.md

This integration was integrated and tested with the Orlando version of ServiceNow.

> This integration does not work with the SIR module.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This integration does not support the Security Incident Response(SIR) module.
```
